1.-week 1
 Quiz: Memory model in MongoDB
By default, which algorithm is used to determine which pages of memory are discarded by the kernel?

Least recently used 


2.- Quiz: Storage Engine: WiredTiger
In MongoDB 3.0, the WiredTiger storage engine brings which of the following to MongoDB? 
Check all that apply.
Compression
Document-level concurrency control 

3.- Quiz: SSDs
You don't have enough SSD's to put your full data set on them; some must go into spinning media. 
Which of the following should be placed on spinning media in a read heavy system?
Capped collections
The oplog 

4.- Quiz: Filesystems and options
Which of the following are recommended filesystems for use with MongoDB?
ext4
XFS 

5.- Quiz: NFS
Which of the following is the recommendation for using MongoDB on NFS?
Avoid it if you can. 

6.- Quiz: Swap
Why should you allocate swap space when using MongoDB? Check all that apply.
To keep the kernel from killing MongoDB when running short on memory
To give you as an administrator greater control over how memory is used on a system running MongoDB

7.- Quiz: Readahead
Which of the following can readahead settings effect? Check all that apply.
The efficiency of your data storage in memory 
How often you access disk 

8.- Quiz: Readahead
Increasing readahead will give the least increase in performance in which of the following scenarios?
Data to be read from SSDs 

9.- Quiz: MongoDB CPU Usage
Which of the following scenarios might cause increases in the CPU usage? Check all that apply.
Large counts or distincts
Aggregation queries
Large in-memory sorts
Complex MapReduce operations
Saturated I/O 

10.-  Quiz: How MongoDB uses disk
Which of the following are settings you should consider when it's appropriate to reduce the disk space a mongod process consumes.
--smallfiles
--nojournal
--oplogSize 

11.- Quiz: How MongoDB uses disk
For which replica set members is it appropriate to use the --nojournal option?
arbiter 

12.- Quiz: Reclaiming disk space
Which of the following will enable you to reclaim disk space? Check all that apply.
Using resync with a replica set
Using the repair command 


13.- Quiz: Monitoring disk usage
True or false. MongoDB tracks disk space usage.
False

14.- Quiz: Segregation of resources
If you are going to run multiple mongod processes on the same host, which of the following should you do?
Benchmark memory usage under production load
Measure the number of file descriptors used by a process under production load
Benchmark IO usage under production load

15.- Quiz: Intro to replica set sizing
A three node replica set with a primary and two data-bearing secondaries is the most common deployment. What are some reasons for this?
Provides a sufficient guarantee of high availability and distaster recovery for most 
Enables you to pull out a single secondary temporarily (e.g., for an upgrade) without downtime or too much risk 

16.-  Quiz: Going beyond 3 nodes
Which of the following are common reasons some deployments have more than three replica set nodes?
So that they may include a node purely for analytics
To include a node for backups 
To distribute a replica set across multiple data centers
To include a less powerful node you do not want clients to access, but require for some other purpose 

17.- Quiz: Geographically distributed replica sets
From where do replica set secondaries sync by default?
From the nearest member 

18.-































